Now, the next thing we want to do is actually create a stream with the query.
So we're going to repeat essentially the creation command one more time.
But this time, we're going to create stream as.
So we're going to create a high value purchases stream.
This is the important syntactical difference here.
We say create stream, table name.
Instead of putting a parenthesis and describing the fields and their types, we say as,
then select star from purchases which we've just created,
and then we're going to say where amount is greater than 100,000; and hit "Enter".
Now, we've created this stream as well.
So again, if I type show streams,
we're going to see two streams here;
high value purchases and purchases.
So let's select 10.
Select all fields from high value purchases,
but limit that output to 10 rows.
Let's see what we get. So there we go.
As these events stream in,
we're getting high value events.
So all of these events are in excess of 100,000 in value.
Now, I think it's really nice to just stop and reflect on
how easy this was to do in comparison to Faust.
Faust is still quite simple but all it took was us opening up
a command line and typing it in one single line of SQL to get this complete.
Finally, let's see how we can actually delete a stream.
So I'm going to type drop stream, high_value_purchases;.
Now, this isn't going to work and I'll tell you why.
The reason it's not working is because we have a running query.
Well, what's going on here is when we ran this create stream command,
we provided this select query here to actually populate the stream.
So behind the scenes,
KSQL is actually executing this query,
and we need to stop executing that query
before we can actually delete or drop the stream.
So the first thing we need to do is list the running queries.
So we can do that with this show queries command.
Now, I understand this is a little hard to see so I apologize.
But you'll see show queries.,
query ID is what we care about.
So you can see the query ID here is CSAS high value purchases zeros.
So let's grab that. So we need to terminate this query before we can drop the table.
So if we're going to terminate this query,
I can see we've got a query terminated message,
and then we're going to run our drop command one more time.
So we're now we're going to try dropping the stream and this should now succeed.
You can see that that source has been dropped.
If we do so streams,
we now only have the one stream.